examples/README.md, before:

# Examples
Code meant to help explain how the Shared Signals and Events (SSE) Framework is supposed
to work. We do not recommend using this code in production, although you are welcome
to start from this code and build a more production-ready system.

## Running the examples
To run the `transmitter` and `receiver` examples, please run 
```
docker-compose up --build
```
from this directory.

## Transmitter
A web server that hosts the Stream Configuration endpoints, as well as a place
to poll for events. Will also create a `/ui` page that shows Swagger documentation
of the OpenAPI spec described in [transmitter_spec](../transmitter_spec/openapi.yaml).

We have added a `/register` endpoint to this service, which is not part of the
Shared Signals spec, because we needed an easy way to create streams and provide
bearer tokens. As the SSE spec continues to evolve, this endpoint may become
unnecessary.

## Receiver
In order to test out the PUSH delivery method of the SSE spec, we have created a
receiver service that will spin up, configure the stream, and then host an
endpoint where the transmitter can push events. Those events will be logged to
std out. This service also has a `/request_verification` endpoint which, when
called (via the browser or other method), will cause the receiver to request a
Verification Event from the transmitter. This allows you to force the transmitter
to generate an event to demonstrate the PUSH capability.

## shared_signals_guide
This collection of scripts and JSON walks through the examples shown on the
[https://sharedsignals.guide](https://sharedsignals.guide) website. It assumes
you already have the example transmitter up and running.

Commit message:

* All REQUIRED fields of the SET are populated * Some (only timestamp for now) fields of the SET should be pseudo-random * Test implementation by checking if event is queued * Cleaned up events.py * Documented (in examples/README) how someone can use this functionality

examples/README.md, after:

# Examples
Code meant to help explain how the Shared Signals and Events (SSE) Framework is supposed
to work. We do not recommend using this code in production, although you are welcome
to start from this code and build a more production-ready system.

## Running the examples
To run the `transmitter` and `receiver` examples, please run 
```
docker-compose up --build
```
from this directory.

## Transmitter
A web server that hosts the Stream Configuration endpoints, as well as a place
to poll for events. Will also create a `/ui` page that shows Swagger documentation
of the OpenAPI spec described in [transmitter_spec](../transmitter_spec/openapi.yaml).

We have added a `/register` endpoint to this service, which is not part of the
Shared Signals spec, because we needed an easy way to create streams and provide
bearer tokens. As the SSE spec continues to evolve, this endpoint may become
unnecessary.

## Receiver
In order to test out the PUSH delivery method of the SSE spec, we have created a
receiver service that will spin up, configure the stream, and then host an
endpoint where the transmitter can push events. Those events will be logged to
std out. This service also has a `/request_verification` endpoint which, when
called (via the browser or other method), will cause the receiver to request a
Verification Event from the transmitter. This allows you to force the transmitter
to generate an event to demonstrate the PUSH capability.

## Trigger and test SSE events other than verification
After you have the Swagger UI up, as per instructions [here](transmitter/README.md).
You can use the out-of-band (**NOT** openid standard) transmitter endpoint `trigger-event`,
to trigger any type of openid-sse event 
([CAEP](https://openid.net/specs/openid-caep-specification-1_0-ID1.html) or [RISC](https://openid.net/specs/openid-risc-event-types-1_0-ID1.html)) 
And the transmitter, as per the stream configuration, will either push it to the receiver, or it will be poll/pull'ed by the receiver
.
> Note: the subject should be same as the ones configured in the receiver [here](receiver/receiver/config.cfg), otherwise there won't be any stream that's interested in an arbitrary subject and the SET won't be sent.

## shared_signals_guide
This collection of scripts and JSON walks through the examples shown on the
[https://sharedsignals.guide](https://sharedsignals.guide) website. It assumes
you already have the example transmitter up and running.
